>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
what about passing arguments to functions?
So here we have this increment function.
And I apologize for this example,
it's the most cliche example,
but here we are.
So we have an increment function,
right, we're defining a function,
it takes n and it returns n + 1.
Then we have the square function,
it takes n and it returns n times n, okay?
So this one's gonna square it,
this one's gonna increment it.
And this is our function,
it says doMathSoIDontHaveTo.
This function takes n and it takes
a callback function, and it returns that
function with n passed to it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone have
a question about what I just said?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
so, doMathSoIDontHaveTo takes n and
it takes a function.
Returns that function with
n invoked as an argument.
So in this case,
doMathSoIDontHaveTo takes 5,
so n is 5, square, right,
this function as func.
And so this is square with 5 which equals,
25, yeah.
[LAUGH] You guys make me laugh.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
not interested in entertaining
me like a kindergartner.
So this one is doMathSoIDontHaveTo,
we pass 4, n is 4,
increment, which is this
function that increments.
Func is increment and
we return increment n,
which is then?
>> Speaker 2: 5.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, I was thinking
it was 6 for some reason but it's 5.